riffing on VCS MySQL replica (#9)
dolthub/cold-marketing: 01-24-2023-dolt-insurance-pitch.md

Here is a link to our [blog](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2023-03-15-getting-started-versioned-mysql-replica/) on the setup a version controlled MySQL replica and few use cases. 

Email #13

*subject* Version Controlled MySQL Replica

> What are your biggest database worries?  Everyone has heard stories about a bad query that deleted tables and crashed apps. Sure you have logs and backups for recovery but they are limited. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What are your biggest database worries?  Everyone has heard stories about a bad query that broke production for hours or days. Sure you have logs and backups for recovery but they are limited. 
```

> Now imagine that your database backup behaved like a Git repo. An audit log of every cell, time travel, and branches for development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now imagine that your database backup behaved like a Git repo: diffs created by every write query, an audit log of every cell, and instantaneous rollbacks.
```

Destructive query? Just roll back to the previous working state, debug prod with diffs, and create a patch. Downtime is now minutes instead of hours or days. 

> A Dolt database replica gives you all of that with about 15 minutes of work. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Dolt database replica gives you all of that with about 15 minutes of work. Keep running MySQL in production.
```
